Mixpanel/v1 (#501)
stitchdata/docs: _saas-integrations/mixpanel/v2/mixpanel-v2.md

## Pepperjam's attribution windows. Stitch queries for
## this number of days during each replication job to
## account for any updates to existing records made during
## this time.

attribution-window: "5 days"
attribution-is-configurable: true

# -------------------------- #
#      Feature Summary       #
# -------------------------- #

feature-summary: |
  Stitch's {{ integration.display_name }} integration replicates data using the {{ integration.api | flatify | strip }}. Refer to the [Schema](#schema) section for a list of objects available for replication.

# -------------------------- #
#      Incompatibilities     #
# -------------------------- #

## uncomment section below if integration is compatible with any Stitch destinations
## if incompatible with multiple destinations, create a section for each destination

## incompatible:
  ## [redshift]: "always,sometimes,never"
  ## reason: "copy" 

# -------------------------- #
#      Setup Instructions    #
# -------------------------- #

requirements-list:
  - item: |
      **Admin privileges**. Your role in your {{ integration.display_name }} must be admin in order to be able to retrieve your API secret.

setup-steps:

>   - title: "Retrieve your Mixpanel project timezone and API secret"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - title: "Retrieve your {{ integration.display_name }} project timezone and API secret"
```

    anchor: "retrieve-timezone-api-secret"
    content: |
      1. Login to your {{ integration.display_name }} account.
      2. In the dropdown menu in the upper left corner of the page, select the project you want to replicate data from.
      3. Hover over the **Settings** icon in the upper right corner. In the **PROJECT SETTINGS** portion of the dropdown menu, click on the link with the name of your project.
      4. Copy the **Project Timezone** and **API Secret**, and paste those values someplace safe to use for the next step.
  - title: "add integration"
    content: |
      4. In the **API Secret** field, paste the **API Secret** you retrieved from [step 1](#retrieve-timezone-api-secret).

>       5. In the **Attribution Window** field, enter the number of days you want your tables' attribution window to be. For more information on attribution windows refer to the [replication section](#attribution-windows-extraction).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      5. In the **Attribution Window** field, enter the number of days you want your tables' attribution window to be. For more information on attribution windows, refer to the [Replication section](#attribution-windows-extraction).
```

>       6. In the **Date Window Size** field, enter the number of days you want for date window looping through transactional endpoints with `from_date` and `to_date`. The default `date_window_size` is 30 days.

Reviewer: Same comment here as on the API object - what's date window looping? How does it work? What tables does it apply to?

      **Note**: You may want to decrease the number of days if your project has a large volume of events. 
      7. In the **Project Timezone** field, paste the **F

>       8. In the **Select Properties By Default**

Reviewer: Looks like these guys aren't done yet!
